[12.0][ADD] sale_contact_type (#1014)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_contact_type/readme/USAGE.rst

> Create/modfy a contact and set the address type to 'Ordering address'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create/modify a children contact and set the address type to 'Ordering contact'
```

> Create a SO and select it in 'Customer' field.

Reviewer: Don't compact `SO`. This is user documentation. And specify full path to go for creating that sales order.
